
Ahegao DAO is a distributed autonomous organization built around erotic anime (hentai) culture. We bootstrapped ourselves as a team of artists, web and blockchain developers and created a line of beautiful women that make up our harem. We are building an organization that allows our community to earn beautiful NFTs of all of our exotic women. 

Meet our beautiful Donna Rug. Native to her crypto habitat she feels most comfortable exposing herself on the finest of Persian rugs. Donna is a special NFT girl of the Ahegao DAO platform. Owners of this special NFT have the ability to swap for 1,000,000 AAH token on our platform. Holders of the original Donna Rug also have access to the first 8 NFTs created by our DAO, depicting our 8 original women. Join our community to find how to add Donna to your collection.

One of the most important aspects of any DAO is community. To help build out the DAO quickly we distributed a large portion of our tokens through an art sale called INO (Initial NFT Offering). The community and public purchased our original art piece to become a community founder. From growing the community through twitter following, to building tools and partnerships, or even contributing as a community manager, only our most diehard community members partook in our Initial NFT Offering. 

Another unique aspect of the DAO is how we engage our community in identifying a set of founders to join us on the journey. The path to becoming a community founder started with our initial bootstrapping art sale. One of our most famous women 'Donna Rug' was on sale as an exclusive NFT through purchase on Open Sea.
